macOS interal daemons: add pages. (#6705)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/coreaudiod.md

# coreaudiod

> > Service for Core Audio on Mac OS.
> > Involved with audio input and output.

Reviewer: We don't use more than 3 command description lines
```suggestion
> Service for Core Audio on macOS. Involved with audio input and output.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Service for Core Audio, Apple's audio system.
```
